codepen link: https://codepen.io/Kaseembradley/pen/rNWQjgY?editors=1100

Questions
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML uses tags that have meaning. Helps with accessibility & SEO.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used for the structure of a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        attributes are additional information for an element and goes in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        the h1 tag is used as the main heading and there should only be one per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a tag and img tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        in the head of our HTML is the title, link and icon information
    7. What is an id? 
        ID is added to the opening tag of an element and is used to select that element in css/js
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        you can add an ID to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        you should only use one ID per page. 
    10. What is a class? 
        a class is used to group and then select elements in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any element can have a class
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        infinte amount of times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        an attribute of target="_blank" on the a tag 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        to add descriptive text in place of an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        selecting the id name after a # in css
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is the semanticly correct version of a div for larger sections.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        css is used to style web page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        typing h2 followed by {} in css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        the difference between a class and id is classes can be used on multiple elements while ids should not.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        select classes using a . followed by the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        typing .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        a parent child selector is a way of selecting an element nested in another element. this is useful when we have multiple p elements nested in different classes for example.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a pseudo selector allows you to change the elements properties based on its current state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        we use the line-height property in css.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        we use the letter-spacing property in css.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        we use the text-transform property in css.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {border: 1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*   */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm and we have to be careful because there are no "are you sure you want to delete" alerts
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to be able to edit chunks of code locally
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        whenever a few significant changes are made.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin followed by the branch name.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        first fork the repo, clone, create a new branch in the repo, after making changes git add ., git commit -m with a message then git push -u origin with the branch name then finally pull request on github.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline elements do no create a new line but block elements do.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        then it moves according to the page instead of relative to its parent.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        display: inline-block;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
